---
title: Analytics Dashboard
sidebar_label: Analytics Dashboard
slug: /analytics-dashboard
---

# Analytics Dashboard

Amplication's Analytics Dashboard is a powerful tool that provides developers with valuable insights into their application's development process.

The dashboard highlights key metrics related to productivity, efficiency, and code quality to help you understand the impact of using Amplication on your development workflow and the overall return on investment.

To start leveraging the insights provided by the Analytics Dashboard, navigate to the Workspace Overview or Project Overview screen in your Amplication account.

## Productivity Metrics

The Productivity Metrics section provides an overview of the development activity and code generation. This lets developers track their progress and identify trends in their development process using the **Overtime Graph** and **Generated Lines Of Code** sections.

### Overtime Graph

The Overtime Graph is a visual representation of the development activity over a specified period. It displays the number of builds, entities, APIs, and plugins created or updated, allowing developers to track their progress and identify trends in their development process.

Developers can customize the time range to view data from the last month, last 3 months, last year, or a custom date range (not less than 1 month). The default view shows data from the last year, displayed in months.

The Overtime Graph is interactive, allowing developers to select or deselect specific data points (builds, entities, APIs, or plugins) to focus on the metrics that matter most to them.

### Generated Lines of Code (LOC)

The Generated LOC metric provides developers with an overview of the volume of code generated by Amplication. It counts the number of new or updated lines of code (LOC), considering deleted LOC as updated, and calculates the total LOC per build.

This metric helps developers understand the scale of their application and the efficiency of their development process using Amplication.

## Efficiency Metrics

The Efficiency Metrics section highlights the business-related benefits of using Amplication, providing developers with insights into the time saved, cost savings, and code quality improvements achieved through the platform.

### Time Saved

The Time Saved metric estimates the amount of time saved by using Amplication-generated code for your Node.js backend. This metric is based on industry-standard assumptions regarding developer productivity and the efficiency of Node.js backend development.

By quantifying the time saved, developers can better understand the impact of Amplication on their development velocity and make informed decisions about resource allocation and project planning.

### Cost Savings

The Cost Savings metric estimates the cost saved by using Amplication-generated code. This metric takes into account various factors, such as project complexity, sensitivity, developer expenses, and potential bug resolution expenses.

By providing an estimate of the cost savings, the Analytics Dashboard helps developers demonstrate the financial benefits of using Amplication to stakeholders and decision-makers.

### Code Quality - Bugs Prevented

The Code Quality - Bugs Prevented metric estimates the number of bugs prevented by using Amplication-generated code. This metric is based on industry research and best practices in software development, taking into account the average number of bugs per lines of code (LOC).

By quantifying the potential bugs prevented, developers can better understand the impact of Amplication on the overall quality and reliability of their application.

