---
id: authentication
title: Authentication
sidebar_label: Authentication
slug: /authentication
---

# Authentication

Amplication services can contain robust Authentication and Authorization functionalities by enabling specific plugins.

Depending on your project's requirements, you can choose the authentication method that best suits your needs.

## Available Authentication Plugins

### NestJS Auth Module (Mandatory)

The NestJS Auth Module plugin provides all the essential modules needed for service authentication.
This plugin serves as the base for the authentication mechanism.
**It must be installed with an Auth Provider of your choice**.

:::info
A _User_ entity must exist _first_ in order to enable this plugin in your project.
Learn [how to add the user entity](/how-to/add-delete-user-entity) into your service.
:::

### JWT Auth Provider

[Passport](https://www.passportjs.org/)-based JWT authentication allows the client to send a request to the server with the user's credentials. Once authenticated, the server issues a JWT. This token enables the client to authenticate subsequent requests. More about this can be read on [NestJS's authentication documentation](https://docs.nestjs.com/security/authentication).

### Basic Auth Provider

Basic authentication is a straightforward authentication scheme built into the HTTP protocol. It requires sending user's credentials in the form of a username and password, encoded in base64, included in the Authorization header of the request.

## Authentication Plugin Examples

If you would like to see specific and detailed examples on how to use each of the various Authentication plugins, visit the [Authentication Plugin Examples](/authentication-plugin-examples) page.

## Customize Your Authentication with Passport

You can further develop the code generated by Amplication to rollout your own authentication system.

Amplication uses the `@nestjs/passport` module as middleware to support authentication.
`Passport` is a popular node.js authentication library, widely used by the community.

Passport supports many authentication strategies available as `npm` modules, which you can implement in your generated project. You can easily integrate the library with a `Nest` application using the [`@nestjs/passport`](https://docs.nestjs.com/security/authentication) module.

Passport has a rich ecosystem of [strategies](https://www.passportjs.org/concepts/authentication/strategies/) that implement various authentication mechanisms.

## Disable Authentication On Your Service

If you no longer need authentication on a specific service, you can disable it.

1. Visit your service's Plugins page and toggle the _NestJS Auth Module_ into the off state.
2. Disable all other Authentication-related plugins listed in the [available authentication plugins](#available-authentication-plugins) list.
3. [Delete the _User_ entity](/how-to/add-delete-user-entity) from your list of entities.
4. Re-build your project and commit your changes to your preferred git provider.

## Create A Service Without Authentication

To create a service without authentication, do not install the authentication plugins.

When you are creating your service using our service creation onboarding wizard, you can optionally choose to [create a service _without_ authentication](/first-service/#step-7-include-authentication-optional).

This is useful for a public-facing service that does not handle sensitive or personal information and you wish to enable access to anyone without the need for a login or password. Typical use cases include displaying public information, such as a public event or a weather forecast, and returning search results from a public database.

Alternatively, this might be useful when you need background services that don't expose endpoints to end users. The service may be part of a larger system where authentication is handled at a different level, such as a gateway or reverse proxy. Typical use cases include where an organization’s internal services communicate with each other, and public facing APIs that do not require authentication.