---
id: missing-code-generation-version
title: Missing code generation version ID
sidebar_label: Missing code generation version ID
slug: /errors/missing-code-generation-version
---

# Missing code generation version ID

## Message

> Could not find code generation version ID in the linked GitHub repo.

## What went wrong?

The code generated by Amplication includes a file named **ampconfig.json** with information about the app from which the code was generated.

```json
{
  "dataServiceGeneratorVersion": "0.4.0",
  "appInfo": {
    "name": "My Catering Service",
    "description": "",
    "version": "wi2ip2h2",
    "id": "ckl0nif3y06453wj7mn5lqx711",
    "url": "https://app.amplication.com/ckl0nif3y06453wj7mn5lqx711"
  }
}
```

The error indicates that the file could not be found, or that the parameter **dataServiceGeneratorVersion** is missing.

This may happen if the file was deleted, or updated manually.

It may also happen if the code in the repo was generated with a version of Amplication before v0.0.4 (released on 2021-03-05).

## What to do?

### If you created your app with a version earlier than v0.0.4

v.0.04 includes a major change in the way amplication generates code. You can read more about it here.
It is recommended that you connect your app to a new repository to avoid conflicts with the previously generated code.

If you already have a custom code in your app, we recommend to manually merging the newly generated code to your existing repo, or, if possible connecting your app to a new repo and then moving also the custom code to the new repo.

### If you created your app version v0.0.4 or later

You can continue with committing your changes. Amplication will create a new Pull Request in the repository and you will be able to compare the differences between the new Pull Request and the current state of the repo before merging the changes.

:::tip
Amplication will never write directly to the main branch on the repo. You always get the chance to review the Pull Request before merging the changes.
:::
