---
id: dotnet-plugins
title: .NET Plugins
sidebar_label: .NET Plugins
slug: /dotnet-plugins
pagination_next: plugins/overview
pagination_prev: getting-started/plugins
---

# Amplication .NET Plugins

The following plugins are currently available for .NET services generated by Amplication.
Additional plugins will be added in future releases of Amplication.

:::note
For the most updated list of .NET plugins, please check the _Plugins_ tab on your Amplication dashboard.
:::

### PostgreSQL DB for .NET

Use a PostgreSQL database in the service generated by Amplication.

[PostgreSQL](https://github.com/amplication/plugins/tree/master/plugins/db-postgres) is a free and open-source relational database management system that is designed to be highly scalable, reliable, and powerful. It is known for its ability to handle large amounts of data and a high volume of queries.

### MS SQL Server DB for .NET

Use an MS SQL Server database in the service generated by Amplication.

[MS SQL Server](https://github.com/amplication/plugins/tree/master/plugins/db-sqlserver) is a relational database management system developed by Microsoft. It is designed to be robust, scalable, and secure, making it an excellent choice for enterprise-level applications and data-intensive operations.

### Kafka

Use a Kafka message broker to communicate between your services.

[Apache Kafka](https://github.com/amplication/plugins/tree/master/plugins/broker-kafka) is a distributed streaming platform, used for building real-time data pipelines and streaming applications. It is a publish-subscribe messaging system that allows for the creation of high-throughput and low-latency systems.

In the Apache Kafka messaging system, processes known as producers write data to Kafka topics, and processes known as consumers read data from Kafka topics.

### Authentication and Authorization using ASP.NET Core Identity

Add Authentication and Authorization to your .NET Services.

[ASP.NET Core Identity](https://github.com/amplication/plugins/tree/master/plugins/dotnet-auth-core-identity) is a membership system that adds login functionality to ASP.NET Core apps. It allows you to add login features, manage users, passwords, profile data, roles, and more.

:::info
This plugin provides a robust and customizable solution for managing user authentication and authorization in your .NET applications generated by Amplication.
:::

### Terraform - AWS Core

Adds terraform code for provisioning Amazon Web Services core network infrastructure.

The [Terraform AWS Core plugin](https://github.com/amplication/plugins/tree/master/plugins/dotnet-provisioning-terraform-aws-core) adds a foundational networking setup using Terraform for AWS. This serves as a basis for adding additional resources for provisioning, such as databases, deployments, and more.

### Helm Chart

Adds a Helm Chart for the generated service which can be used for deployment of the application within a Kubernetes cluster.

The [Helm Chart plugin](https://github.com/amplication/plugins/tree/master/plugins/dotnet-deployment-helm-chart) generates Helm charts for your service, facilitating deployment within Kubernetes clusters.

### Terraform - AWS Database RDS

Adds terraform code for provisioning Amazon Web Services Relational Database Service (RDS) as an addition to the 'core' terraform code base.

The [Terraform AWS Database RDS plugin](https://github.com/amplication/plugins/tree/master/plugins/dotnet-provisioning-terraform-aws-rds) adds infrastructure-as-code for setting up an RDS instance on AWS, complementing the core network setup.
