---
id: welcome
title: Getting Started
description: Welcome to Amplication's developer docs. Build critical backends faster.
slug: /
---

# Getting Started with Amplication

---

Hello and welcome to Amplication's developer documentation.

[Amplication](/about/) is an open-source backend development tool. It accelerates the development of Node.js applications by auto-generating fully-functional apps.

Build critical apps faster. Streamline your development process and increase productivity so you can focus on what matters most: **creating awesome applications**.

## Key Features of Amplication

Amplication helps you build a fully functional backend in minutes. Just define your [data models](/how-to/create-entity/), roles, and [permissions](/how-to/set-access-permissions/) — and Amplication will generate a Node.js application with everything you need.

All generated Node.js applications include the following features:

- Fully-functional [REST](/api/#rest-api) and [GraphQL](/api/#graphql-api) APIs for all your data models.
- [Authentication](/authentication/) & Authorization
- React Admin UI
- Logging
- [Sync with GitHub](/sync-with-github/)
- Version Control
- [Code Generation](/getting-started/view-generated-code/)
- [Deploy](/how-to/custom-code/) & Publish

In addition, developers can utilize their skills to [customize the generated application](/how-to/custom-code/) afterwards.

## Quick Start

To start building a fully functional back-end with Amplication, the starting point is to [create your first service](/first-service/). This guide will help you set up your service in less than 1 minute with our onboarding wizard.

## Other Ways to Get Started

### 1. Set up Amplication locally

The YouTube video below will show you how to clone, set up, and run Amplication locally on your computer.

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/ko4GjiUeJ_w" frameborder="0"></iframe>

### 2. Step-by-Step Tutorials

Our step-by-step tutorials show you how to build real-world applications with Amplication. These tutorials guide you through various aspects of Amplication's features and functionality.

Check out our [Tutorials](/tutorials/) page for a collection of guides.

### 3. Explore Our Sample Apps

If you prefer to jump directly into the code, we have [sample apps generated by Amplication](https://github.com/amplication/sample-app) available on GitHub. You can use this repository as the starting point for your own projects or to understand Amplication's capabilities better.

## Join the Amplication Community

Join Amplication's vibrant [community on Discord](https://amplication.com/discord) to collaborate with fellow developers, ask questions, and share your experiences.