---
id: faqs
title: Frequently Asked Questions
sidebar_label: FAQs
slug: faqs/faqs
---


# FAQs

These are some of the questions we are often asked about using Amplication


<details>
  <summary>What is Amplication?</summary>

  Amplication is an open-source development tool. It helps you develop quality Node.js applications without spending time on repetitive coding tasks. Amplication auto-generates fully functional apps based on TypeScript and Node.js.

</details>

<details>
  <summary>How does Amplication work?</summary>
  
  You just need to define your data models, roles, and permissions, and Amplication will generate a TypeScript Node.js application with everything you need already baked in. This includes fully functional REST API and GraphQL API for all your data models, authentication, role-based authorization, logging, and even an admin UI. 

</details>


<details>
  <summary>Do I need to be an expert developer to work with Amplication?</summary>
  
 Amplication is a great tool for developers, whatever their experience.  Even though beginners can get up-and-running quickly with Amplication, you own the code and so can make full use of your code-writing talent to customize yor output and work your magic. 
  
</details>

<details>
  <summary>How do I get started with Amplication</summary>
  
 You can generate your first app in minutes. These instructions will walk you through the steps of creating an application, adding an entity, adding roles, and setting permissions on entities:


 
 [Your First Application](https://docs.amplication.com/docs/first-app/)

  
</details>

<details>
  <summary>Is Amplication Free?</summary>
  
 The Community Edition (CE) is free and always will be. However, to ensure that we can continue to develop Amplication, the Enterprise Edition (EE) will provide enterprise functionality that may require payment. For more information about the CE and EE, read:

 
 [Amplication’s licensing model](https://docs.amplication.com/docs/about/about/licensing/)

  
</details>

<details>
  <summary>What is the difference between the Community Edition and the Enterprise Edition?</summary>

  
  **Community Edition (CE)** – contains Amplication's core functionality. It is open-source and free to use for the whole community. The Amplication Community Edition continues to be licensed under the [Apache 2.0 license](https://github.com/amplication/amplication/blob/master/LICENSE).

  **Enterprise Edition (EE)** - adds advanced operations, security, and commercially orientated features. The Enterprise Edition is built on top of the Community Edition and the additional functionality will be supplied as source-available. While users can view and download the code, ownership of the code remains with Amplication, meaning users cannot resell it. Use of the Amplication Enterprise Edition is subject to the Amplication [Terms of Service](https://amplication.com/terms)

  
</details>


<details>
  <summary>Who owns the code I generate with Amplication?</summary>
  
You own the code.  Develop your app however you wish, and deploy it wherever want; on public cloud, private cloud, or on-premise. 
  
</details>


<details>
  <summary>How can I get the code?</summary>
  
You can download the source code of your application or push a new Pull Request to a GitHub repository. There is also a code-view option, that enables you to preview the code before it is generated. 
  
  
</details>


<details>
  <summary>What server-side technologies does Amplication use?</summary>
  
NestJS, Prisma, PostgreSQL, Passport, GraphQL, Swagger UI, Jest, Docker
  
</details>


<details>
  <summary>What client-side technologies does Amplication use?</summary>
  
ReactJS, React-Admin, Axios, Formik 
  
</details>


<details>
  <summary>Is Amplication a no-code solution?</summary>
  
Amplication is a tool for professional developers, enabling you to automate repetitive tasks, eliminating or reducing the time spent on repetitive server-side tasks and boilerplate code. However, your developer skills are very much required to create your  hand-crafted business logic, so it is definitely NOT a no-code solution. Some would call Amplication a low-code solution because it reduces the amount of code you need to write. 
  
</details>


<details>
  <summary>What is the Amplication Architecture?</summary>
  
The generated app is built from two projects, each in a separate folder:

- Server - For all the server components including REST API, GraphQL, Services and more.
- Admin - For the Admin UI including forms for CRUD operations on all data models.
  
</details>




<details>
  <summary>Can I customize the code generated by Amplication?</summary>
  
Definitely. The code is yours. Do with it what you wish. 
  
</details>



<details>
  <summary>Can I contribute to the development of Amplication?</summary>
  
We'd love to have you contribute! To find out how, read:

[Contributing](https://docs.amplication.com/docs/contributing/)

  
</details>




<details>
  <summary>Can I work with GitLab (or other git providers) besides GitHub?</summary>
  
Amplication currently supports integration only with GitHub. 
  
</details>



<details>
  <summary>Which databases does Amplication support?</summary>
  
Amplication currently supports only PostgreSQL.
However, we generate apps that work with Prisma, so you could change the Prisma configuration to use another database supported by Prisma.  
  
</details>



<details>
  <summary>Which Cloud Platforms does Amplication Support?</summary>

You can host your server on AWS, Heroku, Azure, Google Cloud Platform, Digital Ocean, many and more. 
  
Amplication uses Docker and Kubernetes to support deployment. 

Check out the following for for more information: 

[Deploy a Docker Container](https://docs.amplication.com/docs/deploy/#deploy-a-docker-container)

[Deploy Amplication to a Kubernetes cluster using Helm](https://docs.amplication.com/docs/helm-chart/)

[Deploying Amplication Server to Digital Ocean](https://dev.to/asiancat54x/deploying-amplication-app-to-digital-ocean-5d7k)

  
</details>





<details>
  <summary>Is Amplication Self-Hosted? </summary>

  
Amplication does not offer a self-hosting service at this time. 

  
</details>


<details>

  <summary>How can I keep in touch with the Amplication Community?</summary>
  
  Find us at any of the following locations: 


  - [GitHub](https://github.com/amplication)
  - [Amplication-website](https://amplication.com/)
  - [Docs](https://docs.amplication.com/docs/getting-started/)
  - [Blog](https://amplication.com/blog)
  - Discord - find the Amplication channel '


  </details>